today on smarter every day you're gonna
learn about big rockets and big cameras
go ahead hey it's me Destin I'm at the
US Space and Rocket Center with my new
friend Darren who's got a great big
camera so I contacted him when I found
out he was doing a road trip and I knew
great big cameras needed to film great
big things and one of the coolest things
in America is the Saturn 5 rocket so
Darren agreed I had to do a lot of
research before I could even build this
camera there are certain things that you
have to know ahead of time because you
don't want to get to a point where
you've invested time and money and then
suddenly you realize that you've
miscalculated you know the image circle
for your lens and suddenly you're not
covering the entire piece of film so I
had to do research on lenses
if they were big enough which ones were
big enough I like detail and I'm getting
more detailed and I think you can get
rid of looking around so you know when
you got a piece of film that's 504
square inches get a lot of information
from those photos
okay really should have been this time
f90 yeah I'm gonna meet her one more
time just to double-check
yeah half ninety and two thirds and
eight seconds
it's roughly there you keep the number
screen
so 64 is here but then we got two more
stops you can see how 6040 keeps going
that's 128 that's 90 it was just a lot
of calculations
knowing how much chemistry to use to
develop a shooting
large
and then also being able to calculate
how much extra coverage I would have
that would give me the movements that I
use on the camera I had never really had
to think about you know things like
image circle and bellows draw so there
was a little bit of math that hadn't
been used in a while I want to make
every shot count
now that I've got a 70-pound camera it's
more pressure I suppose but it's also
more reward it's a bigger reward so the
challenges are always part of the fun